Remove deprecated operator flags (#61)
ondat/documentation: docs/operations/etcd/storageos-secret-info.md

    nodeContainer: "storageos/node:v2.6.0""
  namespace: "storageos"
  # External mTLS secured etcd cluster specific properties

>   tlsEtcdSecretRefName: "etcd-client-tls"                                   # Secret containing etcd client certificates on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tlsEtcdSecretRefName: "etcd-client-tls"                                   # Secret containing etcd client certificates in the same
```

>                                                                             # namespace of the StorageOSCluster resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion                                                                       # namespace as the StorageOSCluster resource
```
